Setup experience guide: Add videos (#39493)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/setup-experience.md

> If a host is marked with a [migration deadline](https://support.apple.com/en-bh/guide/apple-business-manager/axm3a49a769d/web#axmf524b36d9) in Apple Business Manager, Fleet treats it as already set up. This means Fleet won’t install setup experience software, run scripts, or install bootstrap packages on that host.

> Below is the end user experience for macOS. Checkout the separate videos for [iOS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPtr3Qgp1JY), [iPadOS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sK3ZR2iItJY), and [Android](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zB1zgtGAMs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is the end user experience for macOS. Check out the separate videos for [iOS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPtr3Qgp1JY), [iPadOS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sK3ZR2iItJY), and [Android](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zB1zgtGAMs).
```
